Updated READMEs for examples: LLM Embedding-Based Named Entity Recognition, nuScenes, Objectron, Open Photogrammetry Format, Raw Mesh (#5653)
rerun-io/rerun: examples/python/llm_embedding_ner/README.md

  <source media="(max-width: 1200px)" srcset="https://static.rerun.io/llm_embedding_ner/d98c09dd6bfa20ceea3e431c37dc295a4009fa1b/1200w.png">
</picture>

Visualize the [BERT-based named entity recognition (NER)](https://huggingface.co/dslim/bert-base-NER) with UMAP Embeddings. 

# Used Rerun Types
[`TextDocument`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/text_document), [`AnnotationContext`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/annotation_context), [`Points3D`](https://www.rerun.io/docs/reference/types/archetypes/points3d)

# Background

> It works by splitting text into tokens, feeding the token sequence into a large language model (BERT) to retrieve embeddings per token. 
> The embeddings are then classified into four types of entities: location (LOC), organizations (ORG), person (PER) and Miscellaneous (MISC).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example splits text into tokens, feeds the token sequence into a large language model (BERT), which outputs an embedding per token. 
The embeddings are then classified into four types of entities: location (LOC), organizations (ORG), person (PER) and Miscellaneous (MISC). The embeddings are projected to a 3D space using UMAP[https://umap-learn.readthedocs.io/en/latest/], and visualized together with all other data in Rerun.
```
